Project 2 - Predictive Modeling
================
Chennade Brown
10/28/2021

Project 2 was a group project in which we analyzed the [online news
popularity data
set](https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Online+News+Popularity) and
created predictive models to predict the number of shares for each news
channel. We also created files for each channel by automating Markdown
reports.

If I had to do a similar project in the future I would make sure I had a
thorough understanding of github and how it works. I understand how to
push and pull down files; however, I am limited in the amount of trouble
shooting I can do when I have issues. Whenever I have issues I delete my
project files on my computer, start a new project, and download the
files to my computer again for a fresh start. I only had to do that once
with this project so I feel like I am getting more familiar with what I
can and can’t do when pushing files up to github. So working with github
and dealing with the anticipation that something could go wrong while
working with github was the most difficult part of the project for me.

The big takeaways from the project for me was learning how to use github
to collaborate on a project. It was interesting to see how we could
share code and document each others changes in github. After this
experience I feel like I can use github to collaborate on similar
projects with others in the future.

The link to the github page for [Project 2 is available
here](https://chennadebrown.github.io/Project-2/).

The link to the [project repo is available
here](https://github.com/ChennadeBrown/Project-2).
